We of course added navigation to our page.
But one issue is dead.
Whilst it does work fine we get no visual indication of what the currently active route is.
It would be nice if the selected TAB would change and that of course is only as C-s as thing because
if you check your app component a year you'll see we get this act of class on the list item which determines
whether this is marked as active.
If that's if this link gets to ride C S S classes or not so it would be nice if we could dynamically
set this class.
I will remove it from here and how and how can we now set a dynamically angular gives us a specific
directive for this.
The rowdier link act of directive and to convenient thing about this directive is you can add a two
wrapping element like we do here to the list item or orzo of course to the link itself.
And it will attach the class you specify in between your for example active.
So this should be a string to that element.
It sits on now active on the link itself wouldn't do anything.
When using bootstrap here for this taps look we need to add to the list item.
But this of course depends on which package or which C S S code you are using.
And here you could specify any class you want.
Like my active class or whatever that is.
So here it is active to make it look nice and bootstraps the world and I will add it to all my links
here.
So now theoretically all my links should receive as active C S S class once they are clicked or when
they are active.
So if we have a look at this it seems to work because we still have homes set as our active page even
though we remove this class this act of class we had there before if I like service it gets marked as
active too.
And the same for users so this works but somehow home is always marked as active.
So that does not seem to work correctly.
What's wrong here.
Well the router link active directive does one thing.
It analyzes your currently loaded path and then checks which links lead to a route which uses this POV.
And by default it marks element as active in Anstiss.
See us as class if it contains the path you are on or if this link is part of the POV which is currently
loaded.
So for the slash service link or the slash user's link.
This is of course the case once WikiLeaks servers or users for the slash nothing link which is the first
one the home page.
This is always the case.
We always have Slash nothing at the beginning of our path here.
So if we are on slash users Well there is this empty path in between you could say the same for service
and the same for just home of course.
So the empty pop segment is part of all payoffs.
Still we don't want to have the home being marked as active all the time.
So to fix this we can add some configuration to this router link active directive that will split this
up all over multiple lines to make this a bit easier to read so we can add a special configuration to
our router link act of directive.
So on the same element as Powerlink active was added to we can add rowdier link active options.
And this now needs some property binding because we don't just pass a string there.
Instead we pass a javascript object and that would not work without having our square brackets.
So with square brackets we can pass anything which will be resolved dynamically like this javascript
object.
And here we can basically add one important configuration say expect and set this to true so exact as
a kind of a resurged property on this object you passed to Routier link active options.
And this will now basically tell Engler only as this router link act of class.
So this active seeis S-Class in this case.
If the exact the full path is well whatever does link leads to.
So only if everything is just slash and not if it is only part of the path so does emplace.
Now you see it still is marked as active on the empty path at the starting page but if you go to slash
servers now only servers is marked this active because now we fixed this we change the default behavior
to make sure we only marked as if the full path is well whatever we have on our router link